welcome my name is lisa and now i'm
going to talk about
a silent voice
japanese high school student shoi ishida
intends to commit
suicide changing his mind at the last
minute
he recalls his days in elementary school
and the events that have led him here
a new student named shoko nishimiya
informs the class that she is deaf
she tries to integrate with the class
but ends up annoying shoya and his
friends
so they start to bully her when word of
the bullying reaches the principle
shoya is singled out as the culprit by
his teacher
soon the class's bullying is directed
toward him
shoya blames shoko and the two get into
a physical altercation
she is subsequently transferred to
another school
he later finds shoko's notebook which
she left
behind and keeps it in middle school
shoya's reputation of being shoko's
bully led him to become an outcast
now in high school he has fallen into a
depression he blocks out the faces of
those around him
unable to look them in the eye tomohiro
nagatsuka
another loner befriends shoya after
shoya helps him with a bully
shoya visits the sign language center
and returns shoko's notebook in the
hopes of making amends
revealing that he has learned sign
language
the two begin meeting at a bridge to
feed bread to koi fish
one day shoya and shoko accidentally
drop shoko's notebook into a river
and they jump in to retrieve it which is
prohibited
yusuru shoko's younger sister takes a
photo of shoya jumping in and posts it
online to get revenge on him
eventually leading to shoya being
suspended
shoya finds yuzuru who ran away from
home
and brings her to stay at his house
when she leaves in the middle of the
night shoya follows and they make amends
shoya and shoko reunite with miyoko
sahara
a classmate from elementary school who
was friendly to shoko
shoko gives choi a gift and confesses
her feelings for him
but because she tries to speak her
affections rather than signing them out
shoya mishears her shoya invites
shoko to an amusement park with tomohiro
miyoko miki kawai another classmate from
elementary school
and satoshi mishiba mickey's friend
there they meet another classmate from
elementary school
naokawano who drags shoko into a ferris
wheel naoka voices her feelings of
hatred for shoko
blaming her for creating a rift between
her and shoya
whom she is infatuated with yuzuru
who had been secretly recording the
encounter shows the video of this to
shoya
desperate to remain blameless for her
part in bullying shoko following the
leak
mickey exposes shoya's past to the
students who were oblivious to it
later she attempts to apologize to the
group
but shoya blows everyone off after naoka
remains dismissive
shoya learns shoko and yusuru's
grandmother has died recently
to cheer them up shoya takes them to the
countryside and sees that shoko blames
herself for everything that has happened
to him
shoya decides to devote his entire
social life to the sisters
during a fireworks festival shoko goes
home under the guise of finishing
homework
shoya follows when yusuru asks him to
get her camera
when he arrives he finds shoko standing
on the balcony
about to commit suicide shoya succeeds
in grabbing her and pulls her back up
but falls into the river below he is
rescued by his best friends in
elementary school but slips into a coma
hoping to help shoya shoko meets with
each of the group members to explain her
and shoya's situations
one night shoko dreams about receiving a
farewell visit from shoya
horrified she runs to the bridge and
collapses in tears
shoya awakening from his coma stumbles
to the bridge and finds her there
he apologizes for the way he treated her
asking her to stop blaming herself and
admits that
while he once considered ending his own
life he has since decided against it
[Music]
shoya then asks her to help him continue
to live
when shoya goes to the school festival
with shoko
he finds out how much his new friends
still care for him
and they reconcile during the festival
shoya is finally able to look at other
people's faces again
he looks around at his family and all
the new friends he has made
and cries thank you all for watching
don't forget to subscribe and hit the
bell notification for more of these
videos
you